---
title:  "Homebrew"
last_modified_at: 
categories: 
  - terminal
tags:
  - linux, mac
toc: true
toc_label: "Getting Started"
---
Homebrew is a package manager for Mac (or Linux)

### Why do you need a package manager in the first place?
Apple does not install everything for you. Not everyone is a developer and they might not need what you want. So you have to get it on your own using Brew.

### Why is Apple not managing it?
It's too large for Apple to take whole control. If they try to control everything, it's too much work and it would probably end up being slow: slower than their competitors. So it takes an open-source like approach lead by Homebrew.

### How to install Homebrew?
`/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh)" `  
This comes from their homepage. I recommend visiting the page yourself.

### Why use Homebrew?
Handle Dependencies.
If you use brew install all the time and have a good understanding, your laptop will be cleaner.

### The essentials
`brew install xxx`
You install packages using this command. The rest is taken care by Homebrew. (This is why everyone likes it)


### What are Formulae?
They are actually ruby scirpts.
you can view the script for a specific formulae using  
`brew edit`  
so if you want to see the installation script for wget, use  
`brew edit wget`

### and Casks?
Similar, but Casks are macOS applications distributed as binaries.

### Where does Brew store them?
In the Cellar.  
you can find the under `/usr/local/Cellar`  
under `/usr/local/bin` you will see symbolic links to files under the cellar directory. This enables you to run brew-installed programs like commands.  
go to `/usr/local/bin` and try `ls -l`


### Other commands in Brew
`brew uninstall`
`brew update`
`brew upgrade` 
`brew cleanup`  (after update, delete outdated versions)
`brew leaves` (see what you have intentionally installed so far)
`brew ls` (see what brew installed for you so far, including dependencies)
`brew deps` (show dependencies)
`brew cask install` (install apps like firefox)



### Installing 3rd party
use brew tap. Then you can install from other sources like github.

